(EERIE, FUNKY MUSIC)
♪ WHO'S WATCHING ♪
♪ TELL ME WHO'S WATCHING ♪
♪ WHO'S WATCHING ME ♪
(FUNKY MUSIC)
♪ I'M JUST AN AVERAGE MAN
WITH AN AVERAGE LIFE ♪
♪ I WORK FROM NINE TO FIVE
HEY HELL I PAY THE PRICE ♪
♪ ALL I WANT IS TO BE LEFT
ALONE IN MY AVERAGE HOME ♪
♪ BUT WHY DO I ALWAYS FEEL ♪
♪ LIKE I'M IN THE
TWILIGHT ZONE AND ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE NO PRIVACY ♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ TELL ME IS IT JUST A DREAM ♪
♪ WHEN I COME HOME AT NIGHT ♪
♪ I BOLT THE DOOR REAL TIGHT ♪
♪ PEOPLE CALL ME ON THE
PHONE I'M TRYING TO AVOID ♪
♪ BUT CAN THE PEOPLE ON TV
SEE ME OR AM I JUST PARANOID ♪
♪ WHEN I'M IN THE SHOWER
I'M AFRAID TO WASH MY HAIR ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I MIGHT OPEN MY EYES ♪
♪ AND FIND SOMEONE
STANDING THERE ♪
♪ PEOPLE SAY I'M CRAZY
JUST A LITTLE TOUCHED ♪
♪ BUT MAYBE SHOWERS REMIND
ME OF PSYCHO TOO MUCH ♪
♪ THAT'S WHY ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE NO PRIVACY ♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ WHO'S PLAYING TRICKS ON ME ♪
(FUNKY MUSIC)
♪ I DON'T KNOW ANYMORE ♪
♪ ARE THE NEIGHBORS
WATCHING ME ♪
♪ WHO'S WATCHING ♪
♪ WELL IS THE
MAILMAN WATCHING ME ♪
♪ TELL ME WHO'S WATCHING ♪
♪ AND I DON'T FEEL SAFE
ANYMORE OH WHAT A MESS ♪
♪ I WONDER WHO'S
WATCHING ME NOW ♪
♪ WHO ♪
♪ THE IRS ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE NO PRIVACY ♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ TELL ME IS IT JUST A DREAM ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE NO PRIVACY ♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ WHO'S PLAYING TRICKS ON ME ♪
♪ WHO'S WATCHING ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ WHO'S WATCHING ME ♪
♪ I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
SOMEBODY'S WATCHING ME ♪